example/docs/index.md, before:

# TalonDoc

:::{toctree}
:maxdepth: 1
knausj_talon/index.rst
:::


## Loading a Talon package

TalonDoc can analyse a Talon package or user directory. To load all Talon and
Python files in `example/knausj_talon` we add the following to `conf.py`:

```python
talon_package = {
  'path': '../knausj_talon',
  'name': 'user',
  'exclude': ['conftest.py', 'test/**'],
  'trigger': 'ready'
}
```

The `talon_package` value is required and describes the Talon package that
is being documented. It should be a dictionary with the key `path` whose
value is the path to the root directory of the Talon package. The path may be
relative to the `conf.py` file. The dictionary may optionally contain any of
the following keys:

`name`
: The name of the Talon package.
This is used to resolve `self.*` references.
Defaults to `user`.

`include`
: A list of glob patterns.
All `.talon` and `.py` files in the package directory are included by
default, but any file matched by an include pattern will be included _even
if_ it matches any of the patterns in `exclude`.

`exclude`
: A list of glob patterns.
Any file matched by an exclude pattern will be excluded _unless_ it matches
any of the patterns in `include`.

`trigger`
: A list of Talon events.
These events will be triggered after the entire package has been loaded.
Useful for making sure that "launch" and "ready" callbacks fire.

Optionally, if the `talon_package` value is a string, and not a dictionary,
it is interpreted as the value of the `path` field.

If you wish to document multiple Talon packages, you can use `talon_packages`
whose value must be a list or tuple of package descriptions as described above.


## Document individual commands

TalonDoc can generate documentation for an individual command using `talon:command` by entering any phrase which triggers the command. For instance, the following code:

:::::::::{tabs}
::::::{code-tab} rst reStructuredText
.. talon:command:: hunt this
  :script: true

.. talon:command:: hunt this pace
  :script: true
::::::

::::::{code-tab} markdown Markdown
:::{talon:command} hunt this
  :script: true
:::

:::{talon:command} hunt this pace
  :script: true
:::
::::::
:::::::::

...will generate the following bit of documentation:

TalonDoc will attempt to generate documentation for the command using the
following three options, in order:

1. Use the Talon docstrings in the command script. Talon docstrings are comments which start with `###`.
2. Use the Python docstrings from the actions used in the command script.
3. Include the command script.

Optionally, `:script: true` forces TalonDoc to always include the command
script, in addition to any generated documentation.

## Document groups of commands

TalonDoc can generate documentation for groups of commands via two different directives: `talon:command-table` and `talon:command-hlist`. The first generates a table with two columns---the rule and the description (as above). The second generates a horizontal list with command descriptions as those generated by `talon:command`. Both directives have the same options.

For instance, the following code:

:::::::::{tabs}
::::::{code-tab} rst reStructuredText
.. talon:command-table:: user.apps.discord.discord
  :default: exclude
  :include: answer call, decline call

.. talon:command-table::
  :caption: A little custom hunting table.
  :include: hunt this, hunt this paste
::::::

::::::{code-tab} markdown Markdown
:::{talon:command-table} user.apps.discord.discord
  :default: exclude
  :include: answer call, decline call
:::

:::{talon:command-table}
  :caption: A little custom hunting table.
  :include: hunt this, hunt this paste
:::
::::::
:::::::::

... generates the following two tables:

:::{talon:command-table} user.apps.discord.discord
:default: exclude
:include: answer call, decline call
:::

:::{talon:command-table}
:caption: A little custom hunting table.
:include: hunt this, hunt this paste
:::

Similarily, the following code:

:::::::::{tabs}
::::::{code-tab} rst reStructuredText
.. talon:command-hlist:: user.apps.discord.discord
  :default: exclude
  :include: toggle inbox, oldest unread, mark inbox channel read
  :columns: 3
::::::

::::::{code-tab} markdown Markdown
:::{talon:command-hlist} user.apps.discord.discord
:default: exclude
:include: toggle inbox, oldest unread, mark inbox channel read
:columns: 3
::::::
:::::::::

... generates the following list:

:::{talon:command-hlist} user.apps.discord.discord
  :default: exclude
  :include: toggle inbox, oldest unread, mark inbox channel read
  :columns: 3
:::

The `talon:command-table` and `talon:command-hlist` directives take any
number of arguments, which can either be file paths relative to the package
root, _e.g._, `apps/discord/discord.talon`, or module names, _e.g._,
`user.apps.discord.discord.talon`. In either case, the `.talon` suffix
is optional. If no arguments are given, commands are included from the _entire
package_. Furthermore, these directives take the following options:

`:caption:`
: A caption for the table.
Defaults to the module name, if given.

`:default:`
: Either `include` or `exclude`.
Determines whether commands are included or excluded by default.
Defaults to `include` if a file path or module name is specific,
and to `exclude` otherwise.

`:include:`
: A list of command phrases.
If `:default:` is set to `exclude`, a command matching any of these phrases
is included _unless_ it is matched by any of the phrases in `:exclude:`.
If `:default:` is set to `include`, a command matching any of these phrases is included _even if_ it is matched by any of the phrases in `:exclude:`.

`:exclude:`
: A list of command phrases.
If `:default:` is set to `exclude`, a command matching any of these phrases is excluded _even if_ it is matched by any of the phrases in `:include:`.
If `:default:` is set to `include`, a command matching any of these phrases is excluded _unless_ it is matched by any of the phrases in `:include:`.

Commit message:

Add documentation for the markdown extension

example/docs/index.md, after:

# TalonDoc

:::{toctree}
:maxdepth: 1
knausj_talon/index.rst
:::


## Loading a Talon package

TalonDoc can analyse a Talon package or user directory. To load all Talon and
Python files in `example/knausj_talon` we add the following to `conf.py`:

```python
talon_package = {
  'path': '../knausj_talon',
  'name': 'user',
  'exclude': ['conftest.py', 'test/**'],
  'trigger': 'ready'
}
```

The `talon_package` value is required and describes the Talon package that
is being documented. It should be a dictionary with the key `path` whose
value is the path to the root directory of the Talon package. The path may be
relative to the `conf.py` file. The dictionary may optionally contain any of
the following keys:

`name`
: The name of the Talon package.
This is used to resolve `self.*` references.
Defaults to `user`.

`include`
: A list of glob patterns.
All `.talon` and `.py` files in the package directory are included by
default, but any file matched by an include pattern will be included _even
if_ it matches any of the patterns in `exclude`.

`exclude`
: A list of glob patterns.
Any file matched by an exclude pattern will be excluded _unless_ it matches
any of the patterns in `include`.

`trigger`
: A list of Talon events.
These events will be triggered after the entire package has been loaded.
Useful for making sure that "launch" and "ready" callbacks fire.

Optionally, if the `talon_package` value is a string, and not a dictionary,
it is interpreted as the value of the `path` field.

If you wish to document multiple Talon packages, you can use `talon_packages`
whose value must be a list or tuple of package descriptions as described above.

:::{note}
Sphinx can work with either reStructuredText or Markdown, but in order to work with Markdown you need to add the following to your `conf.py`:
```python
extensions = [
    # Enables support for Markdown
    # https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/markdown.html
    "myst_parser",

    # Other extensions
    # ...
]
```
Furthermore, in order to use the colon fence syntax (`:::`) used throughout this guide, you need to enable the `colon_fence` extension, by adding the following to your `conf.py`:
```python
myst_enable_extensions = [
    # Enables colon fence directives
    # https://myst-parser.readthedocs.io/en/latest/syntax/optional.html#syntax-colon-fence
    "colon_fence",

    # Other extensions
    ...
]
```
:::


## Document individual commands

TalonDoc can generate documentation for an individual command using
Furthermore, in order to use the: syntax`talon:command` by entering any phrase which triggers the command. For instance, the following code:

:::::::::{tabs}
::::::{code-tab} rst reStructuredText
.. talon:command:: hunt this
  :script: true

.. talon:command:: hunt this pace
  :script: true
::::::

::::::{code-tab} markdown Markdown
:::{talon:command} hunt this
  :script: true
:::

:::{talon:command} hunt this pace
  :script: true
:::
::::::
:::::::::

...will generate the following bit of documentation:

TalonDoc will attempt to generate documentation for the command using the
following three options, in order:

1. Use the Talon docstrings in the command script. Talon docstrings are comments which start with `###`.
2. Use the Python docstrings from the actions used in the command script.
3. Include the command script.

Optionally, `:script: true` forces TalonDoc to always include the command
script, in addition to any generated documentation.

## Document groups of commands

TalonDoc can generate documentation for groups of commands via two different directives: `talon:command-table` and `talon:command-hlist`. The first generates a table with two columns---the rule and the description (as above). The second generates a horizontal list with command descriptions as those generated by `talon:command`. Both directives have the same options.

For instance, the following code:

:::::::::{tabs}
::::::{code-tab} rst reStructuredText
.. talon:command-table:: user.apps.discord.discord
  :default: exclude
  :include: answer call, decline call

.. talon:command-table::
  :caption: A little custom hunting table.
  :include: hunt this, hunt this paste
::::::

::::::{code-tab} markdown Markdown
:::{talon:command-table} user.apps.discord.discord
  :default: exclude
  :include: answer call, decline call
:::

:::{talon:command-table}
  :caption: A little custom hunting table.
  :include: hunt this, hunt this paste
:::
::::::
:::::::::

... generates the following two tables:

:::{talon:command-table} user.apps.discord.discord
:default: exclude
:include: answer call, decline call
:::

:::{talon:command-table}
:caption: A little custom hunting table.
:include: hunt this, hunt this paste
:::

Similarily, the following code:

:::::::::{tabs}
::::::{code-tab} rst reStructuredText
.. talon:command-hlist:: user.apps.discord.discord
  :default: exclude
  :include: toggle inbox, oldest unread, mark inbox channel read
  :columns: 3
::::::

::::::{code-tab} markdown Markdown
:::{talon:command-hlist} user.apps.discord.discord
:default: exclude
:include: toggle inbox, oldest unread, mark inbox channel read
:columns: 3
::::::
:::::::::

... generates the following list:

:::{talon:command-hlist} user.apps.discord.discord
  :default: exclude
  :include: toggle inbox, oldest unread, mark inbox channel read
  :columns: 3
:::

The `talon:command-table` and `talon:command-hlist` directives take any
number of arguments, which can either be file paths relative to the package
root, _e.g._, `apps/discord/discord.talon`, or module names, _e.g._,
`user.apps.discord.discord.talon`. In either case, the `.talon` suffix
is optional. If no arguments are given, commands are included from the _entire
package_. Furthermore, these directives take the following options:

`:caption:`
: A caption for the table.
Defaults to the module name, if given.

`:default:`
: Either `include` or `exclude`.
Determines whether commands are included or excluded by default.
Defaults to `include` if a file path or module name is specific,
and to `exclude` otherwise.

`:include:`
: A list of command phrases.
If `:default:` is set to `exclude`, a command matching any of these phrases
is included _unless_ it is matched by any of the phrases in `:exclude:`.
If `:default:` is set to `include`, a command matching any of these phrases is included _even if_ it is matched by any of the phrases in `:exclude:`.

`:exclude:`
: A list of command phrases.
If `:default:` is set to `exclude`, a command matching any of these phrases is excluded _even if_ it is matched by any of the phrases in `:include:`.
If `:default:` is set to `include`, a command matching any of these phrases is excluded _unless_ it is matched by any of the phrases in `:include:`.
